so this was the lot of the tribe of the
so this was the lot of the tribe of the children of Judah according to their
children of Judah according to their
children of Judah according to their families the border of Edom at the
families the border of Edom at the
families the border of Edom at the wilderness of zin southward was the
wilderness of zin southward was the
wilderness of zin southward was the extreme southern boundary and their
extreme southern boundary and their
extreme southern boundary and their southern border began at the shore of
southern border began at the shore of
southern border began at the shore of the salt sea from the bay that faces
the salt sea from the bay that faces
the salt sea from the bay that faces southward then it went out to the
southward then it went out to the
southward then it went out to the southern side of the ascent of a crabbin
southern side of the ascent of a crabbin
southern side of the ascent of a crabbin passed along to Zin ascended on the
passed along to Zin ascended on the
passed along to Zin ascended on the south side of Kadesh Barnea passed along
south side of Kadesh Barnea passed along
south side of Kadesh Barnea passed along to hezron went up to ada and went around
to hezron went up to ada and went around
to hezron went up to ada and went around to kakeya from there it passed toward
to kakeya from there it passed toward
to kakeya from there it passed toward Osman and went out to the brook of Egypt
Osman and went out to the brook of Egypt
Osman and went out to the brook of Egypt and the border ended at the sea this
and the border ended at the sea this
and the border ended at the sea this shall be your southern border the East
shall be your southern border the East
shall be your southern border the East border was the salt sea as far as the
border was the salt sea as far as the
border was the salt sea as far as the mouth of the Jordan and the border on
mouth of the Jordan and the border on
mouth of the Jordan and the border on the northern quarter began at the bay of
the northern quarter began at the bay of
the northern quarter began at the bay of the sea at the mouth of the Jordan the
the sea at the mouth of the Jordan the
the sea at the mouth of the Jordan the border went up to Beth Hagler and passed
border went up to Beth Hagler and passed
border went up to Beth Hagler and passed north of beth arabic and the border went
north of beth arabic and the border went
north of beth arabic and the border went up to the stone of bull han the son of
up to the stone of bull han the son of
up to the stone of bull han the son of reuben then the border went up toward
reuben then the border went up toward
reuben then the border went up toward diba from the valley of Achor and it
diba from the valley of Achor and it
diba from the valley of Achor and it turned northward toward Gilgal which is
turned northward toward Gilgal which is
turned northward toward Gilgal which is before the ascent of a dummy which is on
before the ascent of a dummy which is on
before the ascent of a dummy which is on the south side of the valley the border
the south side of the valley the border
the south side of the valley the border continued toward the waters of n
continued toward the waters of n
continued toward the waters of n sheemish and ended at n Rogo and the
sheemish and ended at n Rogo and the
sheemish and ended at n Rogo and the border went up by the valley of the son
border went up by the valley of the son
border went up by the valley of the son of Hinnom to the southern slope of the
of Hinnom to the southern slope of the
of Hinnom to the southern slope of the Jebusite city which is Jerusalem the
Jebusite city which is Jerusalem the
Jebusite city which is Jerusalem the border went up to the top of the
border went up to the top of the
border went up to the top of the mountain that lies before the Valley of
mountain that lies before the Valley of
mountain that lies before the Valley of Hinnom westwood which is at the end of
Hinnom westwood which is at the end of
Hinnom westwood which is at the end of the valley of Rephaim northward
the valley of Rephaim northward
the valley of Rephaim northward then the border went around from the top
then the border went around from the top
then the border went around from the top of the hill to the fountain of the water
of the hill to the fountain of the water
of the hill to the fountain of the water of Neff Toa and extended to the cities
of Neff Toa and extended to the cities
of Neff Toa and extended to the cities of Mount Ephraim and the border went
of Mount Ephraim and the border went
of Mount Ephraim and the border went around to Bella which is kiriath jearim
around to Bella which is kiriath jearim
around to Bella which is kiriath jearim then the border turned westward from
then the border turned westward from
then the border turned westward from Baylor to Mount Seir passed along the
Baylor to Mount Seir passed along the
Baylor to Mount Seir passed along the side of Mount GM on the north which is
side of Mount GM on the north which is
side of Mount GM on the north which is Kessel and went down to Beth Shemesh
Kessel and went down to Beth Shemesh
Kessel and went down to Beth Shemesh and passed on to Timna and the border
and passed on to Timna and the border
and passed on to Timna and the border went out to the side of Ekron Northwood
went out to the side of Ekron Northwood
went out to the side of Ekron Northwood then the border went around to Chikara
then the border went around to Chikara
then the border went around to Chikara passed along to Ma Baylor and extended
passed along to Ma Baylor and extended
passed along to Ma Baylor and extended to Jamna and the border ended at the see
to Jamna and the border ended at the see
to Jamna and the border ended at the see the West border was the coastline of the
the West border was the coastline of the
the West border was the coastline of the Great Sea this is the boundary of the
Great Sea this is the boundary of the
Great Sea this is the boundary of the children of Judah all around according
children of Judah all around according
children of Judah all around according to their families now to Caleb the son
to their families now to Caleb the son
to their families now to Caleb the son of Jephunneh he gave a share among the
of Jephunneh he gave a share among the
of Jephunneh he gave a share among the children of Judah according to the
children of Judah according to the
children of Judah according to the commandment of the Lord to Joshua namely
commandment of the Lord to Joshua namely
commandment of the Lord to Joshua namely kideth odda which is Hebron Arbor was
kideth odda which is Hebron Arbor was
kideth odda which is Hebron Arbor was the father of Enoch caleb drove out of
the father of Enoch caleb drove out of
the father of Enoch caleb drove out of three sons of anak from their sheesh i a
three sons of anak from their sheesh i a
three sons of anak from their sheesh i a hymen
hymen
hymen and tell my the children of Aynak then
and tell my the children of Aynak then
and tell my the children of Aynak then he went up from there to the inhabitants
he went up from there to the inhabitants
he went up from there to the inhabitants of diba formerly the name of diba was
of diba formerly the name of diba was
of diba formerly the name of diba was kideth sefa and Caleb said he you
kideth sefa and Caleb said he you
kideth sefa and Caleb said he you attacks here Jets Seifer and takes it to
attacks here Jets Seifer and takes it to
attacks here Jets Seifer and takes it to him I will give AXA my daughter as wife
him I will give AXA my daughter as wife
him I will give AXA my daughter as wife so earth neo the son of kinas the
so earth neo the son of kinas the
so earth neo the son of kinas the brother of Caleb took it and he gave him
brother of Caleb took it and he gave him
brother of Caleb took it and he gave him AXA his daughter as wife now it was so
AXA his daughter as wife now it was so
AXA his daughter as wife now it was so when she came to him that she persuaded
when she came to him that she persuaded
when she came to him that she persuaded him to ask her father for a field so she
him to ask her father for a field so she
him to ask her father for a field so she dismounted from her donkey and Caleb
dismounted from her donkey and Caleb
dismounted from her donkey and Caleb said to her what do you wish give me a
said to her what do you wish give me a
said to her what do you wish give me a blessing since you have given me land in
blessing since you have given me land in
blessing since you have given me land in the South give me also Springs of the
the South give me also Springs of the
the South give me also Springs of the water so he gave her the upper springs
water so he gave her the upper springs
water so he gave her the upper springs and the lower Springs
and the lower Springs
and the lower Springs this was the inheritance of the tribe of
this was the inheritance of the tribe of
this was the inheritance of the tribe of the children of Judah according to their
the children of Judah according to their
the children of Judah according to their families the cities at the limits of the
families the cities at the limits of the
families the cities at the limits of the tribe of the children of Judah toward
tribe of the children of Judah toward
tribe of the children of Judah toward the border of Edom in the south burke @
the border of Edom in the south burke @
the border of Edom in the south burke @ ZL e de jeg ER keine died Mona a de de
ZL e de jeg ER keine died Mona a de de
ZL e de jeg ER keine died Mona a de de Kadesh haze or Ethne zip-t l'm
Kadesh haze or Ethne zip-t l'm
Kadesh haze or Ethne zip-t l'm beer laughs haze or her data Kiriath
beer laughs haze or her data Kiriath
beer laughs haze or her data Kiriath hezron which is hazel a ma'am
hezron which is hazel a ma'am
hezron which is hazel a ma'am Shima balada hey Sagada hashman Beth
Shima balada hey Sagada hashman Beth
Shima balada hey Sagada hashman Beth pilot Heiser shul Beersheba his gesture
pilot Heiser shul Beersheba his gesture
pilot Heiser shul Beersheba his gesture paella I geum IAM alto lad Kiesel former
paella I geum IAM alto lad Kiesel former
paella I geum IAM alto lad Kiesel former Ziklag mad manna Sam sana Libya
Ziklag mad manna Sam sana Libya
Ziklag mad manna Sam sana Libya she'll him ein and women all the cities
she'll him ein and women all the cities
she'll him ein and women all the cities are 29 with their villages in the
are 29 with their villages in the
are 29 with their villages in the lowland Estrella zora asana Samoa and
lowland Estrella zora asana Samoa and
lowland Estrella zora asana Samoa and Ganim tap you inna jonatha
Ganim tap you inna jonatha
Ganim tap you inna jonatha add alum SoCo a Zika sure am a defame
add alum SoCo a Zika sure am a defame
add alum SoCo a Zika sure am a defame Khedira
Khedira
Khedira and Khedira same 14 cities with their
and Khedira same 14 cities with their
and Khedira same 14 cities with their villages Zenon
villages Zenon
villages Zenon Hadassah migdal God Dai liyan Misbah
Hadassah migdal God Dai liyan Misbah
Hadassah migdal God Dai liyan Misbah Chuck Thea lakish Baskov Eglin cabin
Chuck Thea lakish Baskov Eglin cabin
Chuck Thea lakish Baskov Eglin cabin lamas kif flesh Khedira 'the earth
lamas kif flesh Khedira 'the earth
lamas kif flesh Khedira 'the earth diggin naeema and Makeda
diggin naeema and Makeda
diggin naeema and Makeda 16 cities with their villages lib 'no
16 cities with their villages lib 'no
16 cities with their villages lib 'no ether asian Shifta Ashna nesib Kaila
ether asian Shifta Ashna nesib Kaila
ether asian Shifta Ashna nesib Kaila oxid and Marisha nine cities with their
oxid and Marisha nine cities with their
oxid and Marisha nine cities with their villages akron with its towns and
villages akron with its towns and
villages akron with its towns and villages from akron to the sea all that
villages from akron to the sea all that
villages from akron to the sea all that lay near Ashdod with their villages
lay near Ashdod with their villages
lay near Ashdod with their villages ash dad with its towns and villages Gaza
ash dad with its towns and villages Gaza
ash dad with its towns and villages Gaza with its towns and villages as far as
with its towns and villages as far as
with its towns and villages as far as the brook of Egypt and the great sea
the brook of Egypt and the great sea
the brook of Egypt and the great sea with its coastline and in the mountain
with its coastline and in the mountain
with its coastline and in the mountain country
country
country Shaima chatter SoCo Donna Chiara sauna
Shaima chatter SoCo Donna Chiara sauna
Shaima chatter SoCo Donna Chiara sauna which is diba Enid ash Timo Aenon Goshen
which is diba Enid ash Timo Aenon Goshen
which is diba Enid ash Timo Aenon Goshen : and Guyler eleven cities with their
: and Guyler eleven cities with their
: and Guyler eleven cities with their villages Arab Duma Hessian je n'aime
villages Arab Duma Hessian je n'aime
villages Arab Duma Hessian je n'aime Beth Capua efika Hamza Kiryat Arba which
Beth Capua efika Hamza Kiryat Arba which
Beth Capua efika Hamza Kiryat Arba which is Hebron and zyo nine cities were their
is Hebron and zyo nine cities were their
is Hebron and zyo nine cities were their villages maeín Carmel zip Jetta Jezreel
villages maeín Carmel zip Jetta Jezreel
villages maeín Carmel zip Jetta Jezreel Jacques diem xuong Noah cane Gibeah and
Jacques diem xuong Noah cane Gibeah and
Jacques diem xuong Noah cane Gibeah and Timna ten cities were their villages
Timna ten cities were their villages
Timna ten cities were their villages hey-ho Beth sir Peter
hey-ho Beth sir Peter
hey-ho Beth sir Peter mayor of methane ahthe and El Tekken 6
mayor of methane ahthe and El Tekken 6
mayor of methane ahthe and El Tekken 6 cities were their villages Kirchhoff
cities were their villages Kirchhoff
cities were their villages Kirchhoff bail which is kiriath jearim and rabba
bail which is kiriath jearim and rabba
bail which is kiriath jearim and rabba two cities with their villages in the
two cities with their villages in the
two cities with their villages in the wilderness
wilderness
wilderness Beth Arriba midden Sakaya nipson the
Beth Arriba midden Sakaya nipson the
Beth Arriba midden Sakaya nipson the city of salt and Engedi sixth cities
city of salt and Engedi sixth cities
city of salt and Engedi sixth cities were their villages
were their villages
were their villages as for the Jebusites the inhabitants of
as for the Jebusites the inhabitants of
as for the Jebusites the inhabitants of Jerusalem the children of Judah could
Jerusalem the children of Judah could
Jerusalem the children of Judah could not drive them out but the Jebusites
not drive them out but the Jebusites
not drive them out but the Jebusites dwell with the children of Judah at
dwell with the children of Judah at
dwell with the children of Judah at Jerusalem to this day